Generate report with the Go benchmark (#1748)
elastic/apm-pipeline-library: vars/notifyBuildResult.txt

* aggregateComments: Whether to create only one single GitHub PR Comment with all the details. Default true.
* jobName: The name of the job, e.g. `Beats/beats/main`.
* notifyCoverageComment: Whether to add a comment in the PR with the coverage summary as a comment. Default: `true`.

> * notifyGoBenchmarkComment: Whether to add a comment in the PR with the go benchmark summary as a comment. Default: `false`. It requires the file name `goBenchmark.diff`

Author: ```suggestion
* notifyGoBenchmarkComment: Whether to add a comment in the PR with the go benchmark summary as a comment. Default: `false`. It requires the file name `bench.diff` which it's generated by the `generateGoBenchmarkDiff` step.
```
